https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/Town-Center-Apartments Town Center 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/Nantucket-Cove-Apartments Nantucket Cove 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/The-Legends-Apartments-9npy5c5 The Legends Apartments 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/Westgate-Apartments Westgate Apartments 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/Baytowne-Apartments Baytowne Apartments 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/Hunters-Pond-Apartment-Homes-Apartments Hunters Pond Apartment Homes 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/Stadium-View-Apartments Stadium View Apartments 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/Tuscany-Ridge-Townhome-One-Month-Free-Rent-Apartments-bcvs7j8 Tuscany Ridge Townhome - ONE MONTH FREE RENT! 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/Castle-On-Locust-Individual-Leases-Available-Apartments-ywp042t Castle on Locust- INDIVIDUAL LEASES AVAILABLE 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/Ginger-Creek-Apartments Ginger Creek 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/Stonegate-Village-Apartments Stonegate Village 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/Maywood-Apartments Maywood Apartments 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/West-Quad-Apartments West Quad 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/Midtown-Lofts-Apartments-k80l4t9 Midtown Lofts 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/Midtown-Plaza-Brand-New-Apartments-y34v4ts Midtown Plaza - BRAND NEW 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/South-West-Apartments-One-Month-Free-Rent-Apartments-e9zzfnm South West Apartments - ONE MONTH FREE RENT 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/Windcrest-Apartments-z9g1xtx Windcrest Apartments 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/212-East-Apartments-ldqg0xg 212 East 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/Fields-South-Apartments-crw7ztf Fields South 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/Watersedge-Apartments WatersEdge Apartments 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/The-Courtyard-On-Randolph-Apartments The Courtyard on Randolph 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/Furnished-Studio-Champaign-Urbana-Apartments Furnished Studio – Champaign - Urbana 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/Prestwick-Point-Apartments Prestwick Point 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/205-E-Healey-St-Apartments-8wyx403 205 E Healey St 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/706-S-Locust-St-Apartments-d6cdx6h 706 S Locust St 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/Colonial-Village-Apartments Colonial Village 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/Westwood-Village-Apartments Westwood Village 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/Continental-Plaza-Apartments Continental Plaza 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/Parkland-Point-Apartments Parkland Point 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/Colony-West-Apartments Colony West 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/Colony-Court-Apartments Colony Court 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/Crowwood-Point-Apartments Crowwood Point Apartments 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/Next-Chapter-507-Second-Apartments-gssqfsw Next Chapter -507 Second 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/Next-Chapter-75-Armory-Apartments-3gjvt9f Next Chapter -75 Armory 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/Next-Chapter-305-Daniel-Apartments-vm6519g Next Chapter -305 Daniel 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/Next-Chapter-217-South-Apartments-8rsepm2 Next Chapter -217 South 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/Smith-Apartments-1004-South-Locust-Apartments-h8k7k63 Smith Apartments @ 1004 South Locust 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/Gramercy-Park-Apartments Gramercy Park Apartments 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/Regency-West-Apartments-fgvewkv Regency West 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/905-Lofts-Apartments-h402wy2 905 Lofts 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/Flats-On-White-Apartments-ez8ynyn Flats on White 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/Gentry-Square-Apartments Gentry Square Apartments 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/Victoria-Point-Apartments Victoria Point 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/Windsor-West-Apartments Windsor West Apartments 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/Presby-Hall-Uiuc-Apartments-s7gxnw6 Presby Hall - UIUC 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/Skyline-Tower-Apartments Skyline Tower 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/1008-S-Fourth-Apartments-vxhw5yd 1008 S. Fourth 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/Hessel-On-The-Park-Apartments Hessel on the Park 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/512-Green-Apartments-pnhh90s 512 Green 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/Latitude-Apartments Latitude Apartments 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/112-Green-Apartments-fzrqevs 112 Green 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/907-Third-Apartments-d1v9c2l 907 Third 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/205-E-University-Ave-Apartments-b35jex8 205 E University Ave 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/609-S-Randolph-Apartments-bhv39bb 609 S. Randolph 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/Tuscany-Cove-Apartments Tuscany Cove 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/Smith-Apartments-201-East-Armory-Apartments-td5bneb Smith Apartments @ 201 East Armory 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/Garden-Court-Apartments Garden Court Apartments 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/Parkland-Cove-Apartments Parkland Cove Apartments 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/Smith-Apartments-53-East-Chalmers-Apartments-c49zqmd Smith Apartments @ 53 East Chalmers 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/201-West-Green-Street-Brand-New-Apartments-r8hpy43 201 West Green Street - BRAND NEW 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/Brand-New-Healey-Place-Apartments-220sd38 BRAND NEW Healey Place Apartments 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/Mattis-North-Apartments Mattis North Apartments 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/101-E-Green-St-Apartments-8m0g9c0 101 E Green St 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/Twin-Oaks-Apartments Twin Oaks Apartments 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/Wellington-Place-Apartments Wellington Place Apartments 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/Hessel-Park-Centre-Apts-Jsj-Inc-Apartments-1h6e3m5 Hessel Park Centre Apts - JSJ, INC 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/Carisbrooke-Apartments Carisbrooke Apartments 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/503-E-Clark-St-Apartments-2tprp69 503 E Clark St 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/506-E-White-St-Apartments-5wk19em 506 E White St 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/506-E-White-St-Apartments-806lc23 506 E White St 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/709-W-Green-St-Apartments-fpmkv3r 709 W Green St 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/901-S-2nd-St-Apartments-k5415zb 901 S 2nd St 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/101-E-Daniel-St-Apartments-m3c8y2j 101 E Daniel St 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/805-S-Locust-St-Apartments-c088dfd 805 S Locust St 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/805-S-Locust-St-Apartments-tzbb63c 805 S Locust St 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/1702-Maynard-Dr-Apartments-9dc92q7 1702 Maynard Dr 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/1616a-Maynard-Dr-Apartments-2t0lx5c 1616A Maynard Dr 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/611-Crescent-Dr-Apartments-50vfd8m 611 Crescent Dr 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/210-W-Washington-St-Apartments-5k5mnbn 210 W Washington St 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/308-E-Clark-St-Apartments-3jq9hcf 308 E Clark St 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/605-S-4th-St-Apartments-e1h6edm 605 S 4th St 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/310-E-Chalmers-St-Apartments-kw5w4tb 310 E Chalmers St 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/107-E-Daniel-St-Apartments-z08h8zy 107 E Daniel St 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/107-S-Wright-St-Apartments-n6h4ytn 107 S Wright St 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/202-W-Columbia-Ave-Apartments-rrfkl13 202 W Columbia Ave 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/801-S-4th-St-Apartments-zvprz5y 801 S 4th St 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/1010-S-1st-St-Apartments-84k2380 1010 S 1st St 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/1012-S-1st-St-Apartments-bdmfb6b 1012 S 1st St 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/605-S-4th-St-Apartments-h2q5jg1 605 S 4th St 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/1119-Plymouth-Dr-Apartments-1tfm9s4 1119 Plymouth Dr 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/703-W-Park-Ave-Apartments-3evzxxd 703 W Park Ave 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/107-S-Wright-St-Apartments-tmtj48b 107 S Wright St 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/202-W-Columbia-Ave-Apartments-532nr6m 202 W Columbia Ave 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/208-W-Washington-St-Apartments-hejzbx1 208 W Washington St 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/310-E-Chalmers-St-Apartments-940pgz6 310 E Chalmers St 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/1012-S-1st-St-Apartments-cp4lqzf 1012 S 1st St 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/107-S-Wright-St-Apartments-thbj089 107 S Wright St 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/202-W-Columbia-Ave-Apartments-gfqzesz 202 W Columbia Ave 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/1010-S-1st-St-Apartments-5whnccp 1010 S 1st St 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/310-E-Chalmers-St-Apartments-q2x4ksx 310 E Chalmers St 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/1119-Plymouth-Dr-Apartments-t335d29 1119 Plymouth Dr 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/107-S-Wright-St-Apartments-xg8w5ym 107 S Wright St 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/202-W-Columbia-Ave-Apartments-ffenwet 202 W Columbia Ave 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/107-E-Daniel-St-Apartments-174eyw6 107 E Daniel St 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/107-E-Daniel-St-Apartments-f4x9bst 107 E Daniel St 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/107-E-Daniel-St-Apartments-9jbmq57 107 E Daniel St 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/1516-Greyrock-Ln-Apartments-1pt3826 1516 Greyrock Ln 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/752-Sedgegrass-Dr-Apartments-yh6en4v 752 Sedgegrass Dr 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/756-Sedgegrass-Dr-Apartments-jdpgcy5 756 Sedgegrass Dr 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/750-Sedgegrass-Dr-Apartments-ph75n2v 750 Sedgegrass Dr 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/908-S-Locust-St-Apartments-7e4v5dy 908 S Locust St 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/311-Birch-St-Apartments-6sfwlst 311 Birch St 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/502-E-Springfield-Ave-Apartments-d6pmz5k 502 E Springfield Ave 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/503-E-Springfield-Ave-Apartments-53pc5jp 503 E Springfield Ave 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/503-E-Springfield-Ave-Apartments-jlmz5y6 503 E Springfield Ave 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/301-S-4th-St-Apartments-y62br4v 301 S 4th St 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/305-Birch-St-Apartments-bdbhb9c 305 Birch St 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/307-Birch-St-Apartments-hqg9jz0 307 Birch St 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/1320-Frederick-St-Apartments-0jnsq32 1320 Frederick St 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/502-E-Springfield-Ave-Apartments-018lze0 502 E Springfield Ave 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/1208-S-Elm-Blvd-Apartments-wt60gfl 1208 S Elm Blvd 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/502-E-Springfield-Ave-Apartments-0zywcp2 502 E Springfield Ave 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/310-Avondale-Ave-Apartments-fzpfpks 310 Avondale Ave 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/501-Mitchell-Ct-Apartments-xxzwvdp 501 Mitchell Ct 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/502-E-Springfield-Ave-Apartments-8xp93m0 502 E Springfield Ave 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/305-Birch-St-Apartments-6fg1y4v 305 Birch St 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/211-W-Columbia-Ave-Apartments-xblp1zp 211 W Columbia Ave 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/1308-Grandview-Dr-Apartments-htmqwg1 1308 Grandview Dr 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/1308-Grandview-Dr-Apartments-3tny44g 1308 Grandview Dr 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/1308-Grandview-Dr-Apartments-1hcqhb6 1308 Grandview Dr 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/1615-Bassett-Ln-Apartments-1wp4bl7 1615 Bassett Ln 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/2807-Heritage-Dr-Apartments-fr2dq9v 2807 Heritage Dr 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/2002-Blackthorn-Dr-Apartments-zhtftyw 2002 Blackthorn Dr 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/610-S-Mattis-Ave-Apartments-09gxn61 610 S Mattis Ave 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/606-S-Mattis-Ave-Apartments-f6xbrhs 606 S Mattis Ave 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/2515-Clayton-Blvd-Apartments-zrtp3ez 2515 Clayton Blvd 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/606-S-Mattis-Ave-Apartments-g9elj0x 606 S Mattis Ave 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/1603-W-John-St-Apartments-8gm3qr2 1603 W John St 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/2401-Clayton-Blvd-Apartments-kcdbhjb 2401 Clayton Blvd 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/2401-Clayton-Blvd-Apartments-h6tgwr1 2401 Clayton Blvd 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/410-E-Park-St-Apartments-pgv839v 410 E Park St 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/1001-N-Walnut-St-Apartments-g13cenz 1001 N Walnut St 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/622-W-Clark-St-Apartments-te06csc 622 W Clark St 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/1515-W-Kirby-Ave-Apartments-gd29ptx 1515 W Kirby Ave 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/1204-W-Bradley-Ave-Apartments-33g61cd 1204 W Bradley Ave 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/116-N-Walnut-St-Apartments-506l80m 116 N Walnut St 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/2006-Parkdale-Dr-Apartments-qcmhexy 2006 Parkdale Dr 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/1831-Parkdale-Dr-Apartments-8wqdr32 1831 Parkdale Dr 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/1515-W-Kirby-Ave-Apartments-rtv4821 1515 W Kirby Ave 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/735-S-Mattis-Ave-Apartments-kqm05b9 735 S Mattis Ave 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/1106-Hickory-St-Apartments-f2zknqr 1106 Hickory St 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/1801-W-John-St-Apartments-1r71ft4 1801 W John St 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/1402-Myrtle-Beach-Ave-Apartments-63g7n0t 1402 Myrtle Beach Ave 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/2405-Lawndale-Dr-Apartments-mgmk9zl 2405 Lawndale Dr 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/210-E-Park-St-Apartments-lh6d90e 210 E Park St 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/1513-W-Kirby-Ave-Apartments-y3q5nhs 1513 W Kirby Ave 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/1516-Stonebluff-Ct-Apartments-njty0rq 1516 Stonebluff Ct 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/1518-Greyrock-Ln-Apartments-l4ft82d 1518 Greyrock Ln 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/1404-Cobblestone-Way-Apartments-bcks768 1404 Cobblestone Way 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/906-S-Locust-St-Apartments-3p3szrd 906 S Locust St 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/705-S-1st-St-Apartments-r6hq3k1 705 S 1st St 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/705-S-1st-St-Apartments-80b75f3 705 S 1st St 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/705-S-1st-St-Apartments-1wyw436 705 S 1st St 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/708-W-Springfield-Ave-Apartments-m6bybmj 708 W Springfield Ave 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/108-W-Charles-St-Apartments-5d2sntm 108 W Charles St 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/803-W-Springfield-Ave-Apartments-7gwt91x 803 W Springfield Ave 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/311-S-Prairie-St-Apartments-0eq5qp0 311 S Prairie St 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/603-E-Clark-St-Apartments-2eq0q89 603 E Clark St 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/2401-Clayton-Blvd-Apartments-ny2v1zp 2401 Clayton Blvd 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/207-E-Healey-St-Apartments-hnjldr1 207 E Healey St 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/107-E-John-St-Apartments-0xr2m23 107 E John St 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/105-E-John-St-Apartments-2p7ds5b 105 E John St 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/57-E-Healey-St-Apartments-c01h5hg 57 E Healey St 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/110-E-John-St-Apartments-nbfd3nn 110 E John St 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/612-Ventura-Rd-Apartments-tg2z9b8 612 Ventura Rd 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/612-Ventura-Rd-Apartments-7hyr6ew 612 Ventura Rd 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/1407-Rosewood-Dr-Apartments-57eml7p 1407 Rosewood Dr 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/1106-Maplepark-Dr-Apartments-kjmsezb 1106 Maplepark Dr 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/Healey-Street-Apartments Healey Street 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/Anthony-Drive-Apartments Anthony Drive 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/Prairie-Place-Apartments Prairie Place 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/State-Street-Apartments State Street 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/211-Springfield-Apartments 211 Springfield Apartments 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/Colonial-South-Apartments Colonial South 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/Stoneleigh-Court-Apartments Stoneleigh Court 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/510-S-Elm-Apartments-8d3lqv2 510 S Elm 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/Clark-Street-Apartments Clark Street 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/Healey-Townhomes-Apartments-gelz18z Healey Townhomes 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/Green-Street-Apartments Green Street 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/508-W-White-Apartments-yjn52es 508 W White 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/Clark-Street-House-Apartments-611de8t Clark Street House 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/825-W-Harvard-St-Apartments-n5h0xhp 825 W Harvard St 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/1008-N-5th-St-Apartments-k19gs5b 1008 N 5th St 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/1601-Kings-Way-Apartments-zc1514x 1601 Kings Way 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/2525-Leeper-Dr-Apartments-30e3bte 2525 Leeper Dr 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/503-S-Locust-St-Apartments-0ssx9l2 503 S Locust St 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/25-E-John-St-Apartments-smey477 25 E John St 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/1013-S-1st-St-Apartments-lsrmjrd 1013 S 1st St 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/707-S-1st-St-Apartments-jhwp014 707 S 1st St 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/101-E-Chalmers-St-Apartments-e3lb30n 101 E Chalmers St 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/31-E-John-St-Apartments-e73b70p 31 E John St 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/33-E-John-St-Apartments-y3k3vcv 33 E John St 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/1004-S-1st-St-Apartments-5wlgwzm 1004 S 1st St 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/5-Villard-Ct-Apartments-8gkvn21 5 Villard Ct 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/906-N-Willis-Ave-Apartments-g70exlz 906 N Willis Ave 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/609-W-White-St-Apartments-tf7wqr8 609 W White St 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/1601-Valley-Rd-Apartments-ctrsw7g 1601 Valley Rd 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/1809-Valley-Rd-Apartments-pr9yyqs 1809 Valley Rd 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/1786-Valley-Rd-Apartments-v5z9ldd 1786 Valley Rd 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/823-W-Vine-St-Apartments-5mt9j9m 823 W Vine St 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/919-W-Harvard-St-Apartments-2pe3f3c 919 W Harvard St 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/1211-N-Walnut-St-Apartments-lrm80sg 1211 N Walnut St 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/208-S-Prospect-Ave-Apartments-74me46y 208 S Prospect Ave 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/1815-Valley-Rd-Apartments-sce2bw6 1815 Valley Rd 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/1703-Valley-Rd-Apartments-bwbsh5b 1703 Valley Rd 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/1616-Valley-Rd-Apartments-q1lxsgy 1616 Valley Rd 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/1604-Coronado-Dr-Apartments-xlbn36m 1604 Coronado Dr 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/1902-Nancy-Ct-Apartments-2yzkfl9 1902 Nancy Ct 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/1605-Valley-Rd-Apartments-e9h794p 1605 Valley Rd 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/1811-Valley-Rd-Apartments-f2th3es 1811 Valley Rd 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/1012-W-Eureka-St-Apartments-nlcx30m 1012 W Eureka St 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/1811-Valley-Rd-Apartments-mnlc1gh 1811 Valley Rd 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/1723-Valley-Rd-Apartments-c13fx1e 1723 Valley Rd 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/1611-Valley-Rd-Apartments-4c0xcwl 1611 Valley Rd 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/1733-Valley-Rd-Apartments-fxy6v5t 1733 Valley Rd 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/1831-Valley-Rd-Apartments-00c8fs1 1831 Valley Rd 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/1626-Valley-Rd-Apartments-zczvbzz 1626 Valley Rd 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/1603-Valley-Rd-Apartments-lyc1red 1603 Valley Rd 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/1823-Valley-Rd-Apartments-f4xqwls 1823 Valley Rd 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/1733-Valley-Rd-Apartments-w9m2h8h 1733 Valley Rd 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/1676-Valley-Rd-Apartments-hsmr720 1676 Valley Rd 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/1622-Valley-Rd-Apartments-qqp5jsx 1622 Valley Rd 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/1901-Nancy-Ct-Apartments-w8gjm9h 1901 Nancy Ct 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/1703-Valley-Rd-Apartments-1p9l804 1703 Valley Rd 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/1609-Valley-Rd-Apartments-3vxjxsg 1609 Valley Rd 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/1901-Nancy-Ct-Apartments-46zmyjj 1901 Nancy Ct 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/1605-Valley-Rd-Apartments-3n19x0e 1605 Valley Rd 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/1720-Valley-Rd-Apartments-0vzykj1 1720 Valley Rd 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/1735-Valley-Rd-Apartments-kfzek59 1735 Valley Rd 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/1609-Valley-Rd-Apartments-y0jppyr 1609 Valley Rd 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/1650-Valley-Rd-Apartments-d3pz7gh 1650 Valley Rd 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/1613-Valley-Rd-Apartments-02ez682 1613 Valley Rd 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/1718-Valley-Rd-Apartments-7cw3bnz 1718 Valley Rd 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/1656-Valley-Rd-Apartments-sszhep7 1656 Valley Rd 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/1732-Valley-Rd-Apartments-c4sskrd 1732 Valley Rd 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/1711-Valley-Rd-Apartments-7gd3fnw 1711 Valley Rd 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/1701-Valley-Rd-Apartments-6e2pn5v 1701 Valley Rd 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/310-Cedar-St-Apartments-3epbejf 310 Cedar St 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/1314-Hedge-Rd-Apartments-zegf3lz 1314 Hedge Rd 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/601-Alabama-Ave-Apartments-63qeegv 601 Alabama Ave 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/501-W-Green-St-Apartments-y1ep4rr 501 W Green St 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/609-S-State-St-Apartments-703vhbz 609 S State St 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/210-Brookwood-Dr-Apartments-j3gr176 210 Brookwood Dr 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/507-W-Washington-St-Apartments-vm09y8f 507 W Washington St 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/1801-Lynwood-Dr-Apartments-yfcpmxs 1801 Lynwood Dr 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/1411-Greenbriar-Dr-Apartments-2mnnfxc 1411 Greenbriar Dr 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/304-Briar-Ln-Apartments-8s0zv20 304 Briar Ln 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/16-Colony-W-Dr-Apartments-z7z8k0w 16 Colony W Dr 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/310-Cedar-St-Apartments-plg538t 310 Cedar St 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/407-S-State-St-Apartments-72ptfpx 407 S State St 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/1709-W-John-St-Apartments-9hpp3e4 1709 W John St 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/501-W-Green-St-Apartments-4ddtzkl 501 W Green St 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/824-W-Harvard-St-Apartments-3zxbz7g 824 W Harvard St 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/8-Colony-W-Dr-Apartments-lnp4hne 8 Colony W Dr 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/1711-W-John-St-Apartments-q2fx2tw 1711 W John St 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/826-W-Harvard-St-Apartments-q90t3dy 826 W Harvard St 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/308-N-State-St-Apartments-h70xc51 308 N State St 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/1118-N-Northwood-Dr-N-Apartments-0t69vm1 1118 N Northwood Dr N 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/1706-Coronado-Dr-Apartments-26kvv8c 1706 Coronado Dr 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/2705-Dale-Dr-Apartments-lvvf9xf 2705 Dale Dr 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/1719-Westhaven-Dr-Apartments-9ktsj55 1719 Westhaven Dr 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/508-W-Washington-Apartments-9fmb495 508 W Washington 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/508-W-Washington-St-Apartments-fh6kblt 508 W Washington St 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/2521-Leeper-Dr-Apartments-mk4fh2k 2521 Leeper Dr 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/2001-S-Mattis-Ave-Apartments-z1mwcqy 2001 S Mattis Ave 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/1901-Karen-Ct-Apartments-tntxd08 1901 Karen Ct 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/2404-Leeper-Apartments-9hgmjl5 2404 Leeper 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/2502-Myers-Ct-Apartments-n5r8m2p 2502 Myers Ct 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/2523-Leeper-Dr-Apartments-yzj45xs 2523 Leeper Dr 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/2517-Leeper-Dr-Apartments-80gkkv3 2517 Leeper Dr 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/1106-Maplepark-Dr-Apartments-r4y1p00 1106 Maplepark Dr 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/1913-Melrose-Dr-Apartments-fw3mbxv 1913 Melrose Dr 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/106-E-John-St-Apartments-mgxfq4j 106 E John St 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/1727-Lincoln-Pl-Apartments-bmjd4l9 1727 Lincoln Pl 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/112-N-Neil-St-Apartments-lt9gbge 112 N Neil St 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/406-W-Clark-St-Apartments-zjt8nqx 406 W Clark St 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/308-N-State-St-Apartments-2ckgz8b 308 N State St 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/1727-Lincoln-Pl-Apartments-rvgylp3 1727 Lincoln Pl 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/308-N-Prairie-St-Apartments-6z2cvcs 308 N Prairie St 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/308-N-State-St-Apartments-kf4ztw9 308 N State St 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/112-N-Neil-St-Apartments-bfch8fb 112 N Neil St 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/1727-Lincoln-Pl-Apartments-jczjnv7 1727 Lincoln Pl 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/309-W-Hill-St-Apartments-rq6jzb1 309 W Hill St 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/308-N-Prairie-St-Apartments-2j441eb 308 N Prairie St 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/108-E-John-St-Apartments-yy5ltss 108 E John St 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/308-N-Prairie-St-Apartments-d95bj9k 308 N Prairie St 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/108-E-John-St-Apartments-b9v7xyc 108 E John St 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/112-N-Neil-St-Apartments-t3gtne9 112 N Neil St 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/309-W-Hill-St-Apartments-7p5hknz 309 W Hill St 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/308-N-Prairie-St-Apartments-1j7xsb4 308 N Prairie St 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/308-N-State-St-Apartments-04fe810 308 N State St 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/308-N-Prairie-St-Apartments-9tph9x7 308 N Prairie St 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/309-W-Hill-St-Apartments-rkkjtk2 309 W Hill St 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/308-N-Prairie-St-Apartments-026the2 308 N Prairie St 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/308-N-Prairie-St-Apartments-mepkn3j 308 N Prairie St 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/305-E-Clark-Apartments-pk714ts 305 E Clark 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/311-W-Columbia-Apartments-7g1r1sy 311 W Columbia 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/305-E-Clark-Apartments-s0emy86 305 E Clark 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/1507-Harrington-Dr-Apartments-67zgp7r 1507 Harrington Dr 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/306-W-Washington-Apartments-wqybd2j 306 W Washington 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/803-N-Prospect-Apartments-x9jtrqm 803 N Prospect 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/108-Flora-Dr-Apartments-wvbzezj 108 Flora Dr 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/310-Cottage-Apartments-qg381ny 310 Cottage 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/310-Cottage-Apartments-n7xbd5q 310 Cottage 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/1606-W-Healey-Apartments-5txe9em 1606 W Healey 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/1010-Crescent-Dr-Apartments-7zxq36z 1010 Crescent Dr 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/303-E-Clark-St-Apartments-sh41xv4 303 E Clark St 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/510-S-Mattis-Apartments-7cjr5sx 510 S Mattis 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/201-S-Elm-St-Apartments-kg136p8 201 S Elm St 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/310-W-Washington-St-Apartments-drghrxk 310 W Washington St 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/509-N-Willis-Ave-Apartments-9wj35h7 509 N Willis Ave 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/2005-S-Mattis-Ave-Apartments-h0w79k0 2005 S Mattis Ave 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/1606-W-Healey-Apartments-28ynrl8 1606 W Healey 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/607-W-Springfield-Apartments-zw6q3ww 607 W Springfield 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/310-N-James-Apartments-bxh0zz8 310 N James 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/1010-Crescent-Dr-Apartments-skp6m95 1010 Crescent Dr 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/509-N-Willis-Ave-Apartments-een74cq 509 N Willis Ave 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/303-E-Clark-St-Apartments-lzscbmf 303 E Clark St 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/407-W-White-Apartments-8t4hl50 407 W White 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/616-W-Healey-St-Apartments-n0zbpwm 616 W Healey St 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/509-N-Willis-Ave-Apartments-fcfytwv 509 N Willis Ave 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/606-W-Healey-Apartments-x5szw4m 606 W Healey 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/201-S-Elm-St-Apartments-sf15j36 201 S Elm St 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/305-S-Prairie-St-Apartments-ymwvz9s 305 S Prairie St 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/314-E-Clark-St-Apartments-senz7y4 314 E Clark St 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/1909-Joanne-Ln-Apartments-mphl0bk 1909 Joanne Ln 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/909-W-Daniel-St-Apartments-j0y9q97 909 W Daniel St 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/614-Pomona-Dr-Apartments-0p953v0 614 Pomona Dr 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/906-N-Willis-Ave-Apartments-vkvlcwg 906 N Willis Ave 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/1212-Centennial-Dr-Apartments-2zdbnd9 1212 Centennial Dr 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/312-W-Columbia-Apartments-8ppp713 312 W Columbia 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/312-W-Columbia-Apartments-ffphq3v 312 W Columbia 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/201-S-Elm-St-Apartments-gn94d9z 201 S Elm St 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/3786-Thornhill-Cir-Apartments-crdg62f 3786 Thornhill Cir 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/2519-Leeper-Dr-Apartments-2wp0ce8 2519 Leeper Dr 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/2600-W-John-St-Apartments-stqzrf7 2600 W John St 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/310-N-James-Apartments-e5pkfzp 310 N James 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/1505-Westfield-Dr-Apartments-xxbh49n 1505 Westfield Dr 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/301-S-Garfield-Ave-Apartments-64njfyv 301 S Garfield Ave 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/306-N-Fair-St-Apartments-wfbwx3j 306 N Fair St 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/Lincolnshire-Townhomes-Apartments Lincolnshire Townhomes 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/48-E-John-St-Apartments 48 E John St 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/706-W-John-St-Apartments-c1rjtwd 706 W John St 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/308-N-Prairie-St-Apartments-lzxggqf 308 N Prairie St 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/308-N-Prairie-St-Apartments-mbbkkcl 308 N Prairie St 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/1503-Cambridge-Dr-Apartments-f0f5dhr 1503 Cambridge Dr 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/803-N-Prospect-Apartments-yrtyn8v 803 N Prospect 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/1006-Kara-Dr-Apartments-yfbvllr 1006 Kara Dr 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/412-W-Church-Apartments-q8nhkdw 412 W Church 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/412-W-Church-Apartments-snb6l17 412 W Church 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/412-W-Church-Apartments-zdf02vz 412 W Church 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/112-W-Ells-Ave-Apartments-0q17lb0 112 W Ells Ave 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/401-1-2-W-Vine-St-Apartments-v137wzd 401 1/2 W Vine St 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/1406-W-John-St-Apartments-2z153c8 1406 W John St 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/3445-Stoneway-Ct-Apartments-sz14v66 3445 Stoneway Ct 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/3727-Boulder-Ridge-Dr-Apartments-q1rbekw 3727 Boulder Ridge Dr 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/1305-W-Columbia-Ave-Apartments-74ft86z 1305 W Columbia Ave 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/2708-Willowpark-Dr-Apartments-sgv5bf6 2708 Willowpark Dr 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/Burnham310-Apartments Burnham310 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/303-S-5th-St-Apartments-r024b01 303 S 5th St 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/606-E-White-St-Apartments-7kb1hyy 606 E White St 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/Campus-Center-Apartments-3qw9tgd Campus Center 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/106-E-Armory-Ave-Apartments-msnqjjk 106 E Armory Ave 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/Champaign-House-Apartments-dtde7sh Champaign House 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/University-Place-Apartments-j2038h6 University Place Apartments 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/The-Tower-At-3rd-Apartments The Tower at 3rd 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/Uiuc-Campustown-515-Bash-Apartments UIUC Campustown - 515 Bash 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/Lando-Place-Apartments-vr3l0ef Lando Place 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/208-210-E-White-St-Apartments-7gt4xmx 208-210 E White St 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/The-Village-Apartments-03sbxt1 The Village 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/Armory-Manor-Apartments-9mg3235 Armory Manor 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/Here-Apartments HERE Apartments 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/Douglass-Square-Apartments-d6m31ql Douglass Square Apartments 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/Round-Barn-Manor-A-Senior-Community-Apartments-wvsneyj Round Barn Manor - A Senior Community 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/101-E-Daniel-St-Apartments-hw1ctk2 101 E Daniel St 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/808-S-Oak-St-Apartments-e440zqm 808 S Oak St 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/311-E-Clark-St-Apartments-r6ny1z0 311 E Clark St 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/205-S-6th-St-Apartments-9tc50b5 205 S 6th St 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/605-E-Clark-St-Apartments-tkr1d58 605 E Clark St 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/606-E-Stoughton-St-Apartments 606 E Stoughton St 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/Midway-Apartments-8rmdm70 Midway 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/511-W-Church-St-Apartments-vjkfq2e 511 W Church St 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/51-E-Green-St-Apartments 51 E Green St 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/507-W-Church-St-Apartments-2skezfc 507 W Church St 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/108-E-Daniel-St-Apartments-w7gbvfj 108 E DANIEL ST 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/Illini-Manor-Apartments Illini Manor 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/107-E-Springfield-Ave-Apartments 107 E Springfield Ave 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/1106-S-2nd-St-Apartments-v2x0ldg 1106 S 2nd St 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/408-E-Healey-St-Apartments 408 E Healey St 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/Westbury-Park-Apartments Westbury Park 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/505-S-2nd-St-Apartments-vjjj8ng 505 S 2nd St 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/306-S-5th-St-Apartments-1q5c5h5 306 S 5th St 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/305-S-5th-St-Apartments-p1zhhfs 305 S 5th St 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/405-W-Green-St-Apartments-q50xdhw 405 W Green St 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/Skylight-Court-Apartments Skylight Court 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/Lofts-54-Apartments Lofts 54 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/309-Green-Apartments 309 Green 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/Park-Place-Tower-Apartments-km1w3tb Park Place Tower 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/1107-S-2nd-St-Apartments 1107 S 2nd St 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/506-S-4th-St-Apartments 506 S 4th St 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/207-E-Green-St-Apartments-d2rcgrk 207 E Green St 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/1320-Frederick-Apartments-g5ghz8x 1320 Frederick 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/316-Cedar-Apartments-cx3x7lg 316 Cedar 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/503-E-Springfield-Apartments-p7ctedr 503 E Springfield 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/205-E-Green-Apartments-tq1n8zb 205 E. Green 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/304-E-Daniel-St-Apartments 304 E Daniel St 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/202-E-Chalmers-St-Apartments 202 E Chalmers St 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/Armory-Place-Apartments Armory Place 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/Barrington-Apartments Barrington Apartments 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/The-John-Street-Apartments-dslg1gh The John Street Apartments 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/57-E-Chalmers-St-Apartments 57 E Chalmers St 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/213-W-Green-St-Apartments-pf3mlet 213 W Green St 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/903-909-S-Locust-St-Apartments-k9jw0v8 903-909 S Locust St 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/Uiuc-Campustown-309-Daniel-Apartments UIUC Campustown - 309 Daniel 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/509-S-Elm-St-Apartments-he5lnk1 509 S Elm St 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/Uiuc-Campustown-913-S-Third-Apartments UIUC Campustown - 913 S Third 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/505-E-Healey-St-Apartments-k2100e8 505 E Healey St 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/Uiuc-Campustown-306-E-Green-Apartments UIUC Campustown - 306 E Green 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/Green-Street-Towers-Apartments-6yc96dr Green Street Towers 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/Green-Balconies-Apartments-fmpppkt Green Balconies Apartments 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/507-E-Clark-St-Apartments-mxjd71k 507 E Clark St 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/Sixth-At-Clark-Apts-601-603-E-Clark-Street-Apartments-l881t1g Sixth at Clark Apts: 601 &amp;amp; 603 E Clark Street 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/Clark-Street-Studios-Apartments-ynypqtt Clark Street Studios 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/502-E-White-St-Apartments-6nxjzhr 502 E White St 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/408-E-Stoughton-St-Apartments-3fxdk3g 408 E Stoughton St 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/504-E-Clark-St-Apartments-gjke1by 504 E Clark St 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/505-E-Clark-St-Apartments-k39bjl8 505 E Clark St 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/510-E-Clark-St-Apartments-s13vc27 510 E Clark St 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/201-E-Healey-St-Apartments-leyttxf 201 E Healey St 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/312-W-Washington-St-Apartments-cglrycg 312 W Washington St 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/301-S-Water-St-Apartments-x2c2r4n 301 S Water St 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/Stoughton-Street-Apartments-t88tt18 Stoughton Street Apartments 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/Chalmers-Manor-Apartments-9cgb0e5 Chalmers Manor 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/Charmor-Apartments-nqqqwkm Charmor Apartments 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/314-E-White-St-Apartments-80glex2 314 E White St 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/Chateau-Apartments-33jptmd Chateau Apartments 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/Chateau-Apartments-b8z5jwc Chateau Apartments 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/Johnstowne-Apartments-ydhfj8v Johnstowne 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/102-E-Gregory-Dr-Apartments-jwv97n5 102 E Gregory Dr 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/Park-Place-Apartments-yke51dt Park Place 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/Uiuc-Campustown-109-E-John-Apartments UIUC Campustown - 109 E John 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/Loft-59-Apartments Loft 59 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/204-S-Fifth-Apartments 204 S Fifth 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/909-911-S-3rd-St-Apartments-bywhksc 909-911 S 3rd St 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/1103-Euclid-St-Apartments 1103 Euclid St 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/Boulder-Ridge-Townhomes-Apartments-762nsty Boulder Ridge Townhomes 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/107-E-Healey-St-Apartments 107 E Healey St 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/105-S-Wright-St-Apartments 105 S Wright St 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/1105-S-First-St-Apartments-ke25e3b 1105 S First St 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/209-E-Clark-St-Apartments-6wcxrpr 209 E Clark St 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/211-E-Clark-St-Apartments-fg7npvs 211 E Clark St 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/103-105-E-Healey-St-Apartments-3jkqjjf 103-105 E Healey St 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/206-W-William-St-Apartments-yby45nv 206 W William St 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/211-W-Clark-St-Apartments-e9jxdjp 211 W Clark St 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/105-E-John-St-Apartments-8lc4d60 105 E John St 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/407-S-State-St-Apartments-fqnn9yv 407 S State St 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/408-S-Prairie-St-Apartments 408 S Prairie St 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/711-S-Randolph-St-Apartments-f4k2xbs 711 S Randolph St 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/610-E-Stoughton-St-Apartments-v07kk6e 610 E Stoughton St 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/Country-Brook-Apartments Country Brook Apartments 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/Lynnhurst-Apartments Lynnhurst Apartments 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/The-Elysee-Apartments The Elysee 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/The-Mansion-Apartments The Mansion 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/Parkview-Terrace-Apartments Parkview Terrace 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/202-E-John-St-Apartments 202 E John St 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/Lofts-On-Green-Apartments Lofts On Green 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/The-Avenue-Court-Apartments The Avenue Court 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/408-Springfield-Apartments-7hxc9ry 408 Springfield 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/502-E-Stoughton-St-Apartments-hb90pz0 502 E Stoughton St 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/The-Quarters-Apartments-n6dt6dn The Quarters 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/54-E-John-St-Apartments-pf3lv8r 54 E John St 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/606-S-Prairie-St-Apartments-884d452 606 S Prairie St 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/Villas-At-Ashland-Farm-Apartments Villas at Ashland Farm 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/104-Buena-Vista-Apartments-qrvzpnx 104 Buena Vista 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/Green-Street-Apartments-2v0qrkc Green Street Apartments 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/Inman-Place-Apartments-j0kxkj4 Inman Place 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/Ashton-Woods-Apartments-9nvg4b7 Ashton Woods 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/The-Suites-At-Third-Apartments-vb8rg0d The Suites at Third 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/203-S-4th-St-Apartments-te9l7vb 203 S 4th St 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/501-E-University-Ave-Apartments-lfbbfxf 501 E University Ave 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/Providence-At-Sycamore-Hills-Apartments-gfdb1nz Providence at Sycamore Hills 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/212-E-White-St-Apartments 212 E White St 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/402-S-5th-St-Apartments 402 S 5th St 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/401-W-Springfield-Ave-Apartments 401 W Springfield Ave 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/307-W-Columbia-Ave-Apartments-h586m83 307 W Columbia Ave 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/608-E-White-St-Apartments 608 E White St 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/608-E-Chalmers-St-Apartments 608 E Chalmers St 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/404-E-Clark-St-Apartments-3bwbyse 404 E Clark St 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/The-Distillery-Apartments The Distillery 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/505-South-First-Apartments-vqtsbkf 505 South First 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/103-E-Chalmers-St-Apartments-c4d7exe 103 E Chalmers St 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/301-E-Chalmers-Apartments-072ppm2 301 E Chalmers 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/507-S-4th-St-Apartments 507 S 4th St 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/309-E-John-Luxe-Rentals-Apartments 309 E. John Luxe Rentals 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/510-E-White-St-Apartments 510 E White St 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/111-E-Springfield-Ave-Apartments 111 E Springfield Ave 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/108-W-Charles-St-Apartments-7c33j6w 108 W Charles St 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/108-E-Daniel-St-Apartments-nfpttnn 108 E Daniel St 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/310-E-Clark-St-Apartments-hf0pnt3 310 E Clark St 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/807-S-Locust-St-Apartments-71qmcvy 807 S Locust St 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/507-509-S-Elm-St-Apartments-1m7j097 507-509 S Elm St 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/508-S-1st-St-Apartments 508 S 1st St 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/312-E-White-St-Apartments 312 E White St 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/306-E-Armory-Ave-Apartments 306 E Armory Ave 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/108-E-Armory-Ave-Apartments-pwfcb8t 108 E Armory Ave 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/308-E-Armory-Ave-Apartments 308 E Armory Ave 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/104-E-John-St-Apartments 104 E John St 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/105-S-4th-St-Apartments-jqcctx5 105 S 4th St 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/509-N-Willis-Ave-Apartments-7tk9tnx 509 N Willis Ave 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/Oakwood-Trace-Apartments Oakwood Trace 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/1402-Grandview-Dr-Apartments-pk78nqt 1402 Grandview Dr 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/Helen-Court-Apartments Helen Court 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/607-W-University-Apartments-pjpy94s 607 W University 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/Illini-Tower-Apartments Illini Tower 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/610-S-Fourth-Apartments 610 S Fourth 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/903-S-4th-St-Apartments 903 S 4th St 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/Uiuc-Campustown-504-E-White-Apartments UIUC Campustown - 504 E White 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/Bankier-Apartments-nc3w6dm Bankier Apartments 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/Uiuc-Campustown-305-E-Green-Apartments UIUC Campustown - 305 E Green 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/615-W-Kirby-Ave-Apartments-mnph7kk 615 W Kirby Ave 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/The-Executive-Lofts-Apartments The Executive Lofts 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/Eden-Supportive-Living-Apartments-lkktznf Eden Supportive Living 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/803-S-Locust-St-Apartments-kermkh9 803 S Locust St 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/805-S-Locust-St-Apartments-n1lrt5q 805 S Locust St 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/61-E-John-St-Apartments-yv1rm5v 61 E John St 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/310-E-John-St-Apartments-tt9erh9 310 E John St 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/Pfeffer-Apartments-fj1f2hr Pfeffer Apartments 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/410-E-Stoughton-St-Apartments-e39ymhp 410 E Stoughton St 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/305-W-Birch-Apartments-2jtef58 305 W. Birch 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/307-311-W-Birch-Apartments-4xngvrk 307 &amp;amp; 311 W. Birch 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/2502-Myers-Ct-Apartments-frpt19t 2502 Myers Ct 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/2504-Myers-Ct-Apartments-cdcqhhg 2504 Myers Ct 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/2404-Leeper-Apartments-wkw8lml 2404 Leeper 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/1907-Nancy-Ct-Apartments-ldxqjhf 1907 Nancy Ct 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/1901-Karen-Ct-Apartments-t6q4v09 1901 Karen Ct 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/106-108-W-Green-St-Apartments-q72665y 106-108 W Green St 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/512-E-Clark-St-Apartments-6jeflhs 512 E Clark St 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/705-S-1st-St-Apartments-4l8s57l 705 S 1st St 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/406-E-Stoughton-St-Apartments-k229dg8 406 E Stoughton St 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/Sherwood-Lodge-Apartments-89ht2g2 Sherwood Lodge 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/Second-Daniel-Apartments-r6qe880 Second &amp;amp; Daniel 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/622-W-Clark-St-Apartments-5ekz0wn 622 W Clark St 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Urbana-Apartments/Champaign-Housing-Residence-Hall-Apartments-sehj3y5 Champaign Housing Residence Hall 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/205-E-Clark-St-Apartments-4r44lgh 205 E Clark St 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/618-W-Green-St-Apartments-7xry7px 618 W Green St 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/Armory-House-Apartments-yb1jy3v Armory House 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/312-S-State-St-Apartments-mnqvk3j 312 S State St 
https://www.apartmentfinder.com/Illinois/Champaign-Apartments/708-W-Springfield-Ave-Apartments-kzxd6j9 708 W Springfield Ave 
